[TRTLLM-8658][infra] upgrade to DLFW 25.10 and pytorch 2.9.0 / triton 3.5.0 (#8621)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM: docs/source/installation/linux.md

   Install CUDA Toolkit following the [CUDA Installation Guide for Linux](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-installation-guide-linux/) and
   make sure `CUDA_HOME` environment variable is properly set.

   ```bash

>    # Optional step: Only required for NVIDIA Blackwell GPUs and SBSA platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this step isn't optional. Right? Otherwise, the default PyTorch 2.9.0 CUDA 12.8 package will be installed.

   Install CUDA Toolkit following the [CUDA Installation Guide for Linux](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-installation-guide-linux/) and
   make sure `CUDA_HOME` environment variable is properly set.

   ```bash

>    # By default, PyTorch is installed with CUDA 12.8 support. To enable LLM features, install the PyTorch version built for CUDA 13.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # By default, PyTorch CUDA 12.8 package is installed. Install PyTorch CUDA 13.0 package to align with the CUDA version used for building TensorRT LLM wheels.
```
